...I'm very lucky my parents.
Pocketbooks
...me to learn new things ...a very good school.
So, I got to think about science and
scientific discovery and in fact right about that time the very
first computers came along so I was very curious to play with it in fact my
teachers founded confusing so they let me run with that I even ended
up teaching the other students about the computer sighing I got to
dream and see something that would really be different
...amazing at a quite young age
...incredibly lucky that my
successor microsoftcreatedsomething of
the economic value and now I have the responsibility and also
the privilege of working with by white belinda to make sure
...goes back.
To the world.